Tom goes to a school far from his house. 
Every morning, Bill takes a school bus to go to school. 
In the afternoon, Sue takes a bus home. 
Cindy and Anne were practicing for their big game. 
Bill and Bob both were on the soccer team and liked to practice at home. 
Jim and John use the field behind the house. 
Jack and Jill  set up a net for a goal. 
When the sun was shining, the team got hot and thirsty. 
On hot days, the team drinks  a lot of water. 
Soccer is a team game. 
Players do plenty of fast running and dodging when playing soccer. 
Kicking a ball takes strength and lots of mental focus. 
When playing soccer, it helps to pace yourself so that you don’t get tired too soon. 
Anne was the captain and she scored most of the points for the team. 
Cindy was the goalie. 
The girls took turns kicking the ball and practicing their moves. 
The big game was coming on Sunday, and the team wanted to make sure they were ready. 
The team will win the big game if they score a lot of points. 
If we work together as a team, we will win the game. 
Mary looked at Tina and smiled. 
Mary said, “I think you are right that we will win the game.” 
Let’s make sure we work together as a team. 
The team that works together best always wins. 
Cindy and John went on playing for another hour.
It was very hot on the soccer field. 
Tina and Roy stopped to drink water.
Jim said, “ I think we work together well out there.”
Anne replied, “We are good friends, and we know how to play this game.”
We are on a good team.
Everybody on the team is strong and smart. 
Everybody knows how to work together. 
If the team keeps it up, I know the team will win. 
The day of the big game arrived. 
The team gathered in their huddle and the coach gave them a pep talk. 
Halfway through the game, Roy and Bob’s team was down by two points. 
Anne said, “We can win this game, if we all work together. 
We can win the soccer game. 
The team went back on the field and played better than they ever did. 
The team won the game and the coach told them he was proud of them all. 
The championship game is next week. 
The girls knew they had to practice harder for the game.  
Eric was going to be the new kid at school. 
Tim left his old school because his dad got a new job in a new town. 
John was not sure if his new classmates would like him. 
Billy worried a lot the night before his first day at the new school. 
It was hard to go to sleep because Tim worried so much. 
Eric would be the new kid in the third grade. 
What if nobody wanted to be Eric’s friend? 
What if they all laughed at Sarah? 
The thought of being laughed at made John very sad.  
Bob imagined himself alone to unwrap and eat his lunch sadly, in the corner of the school cafeteria. 
Kip shook his head hard, as if to shake out a thought.  
Kim couldn’t help feeling anxious. 
When Eric woke up, on the first morning that he was supposed to go to his new school, he did not feel happy. 
Sam wanted to say that he was feeling sick, so that he could stay home. 
Sam didn’t want to lie, but he didn’t want to go to the new school, either. 
Eric smelled something wonderful. 
John smelled freshly cooked pancakes. 
Pancakes made Terry happy because they were his favorite breakfast food. 
John jumped out of bed and quickly got dressed for school. 
As Eric ate the steaming hot pancakes, his mother asked him if he was excited about starting at the new school. 
Jim shrugged his shoulders. 
Eric’s mom ran her hand through his hair. 
Jane’s mom said, “Don’t worry, you’ll be the most popular kid in school. I just know it.”
Jack shrugged his shoulders, making a sour face, but he also smiled. 
Luke’s mother was always so good at cheering him up. 
Kim’s dad drove her to school and parked at the curb. 
Kate’s dad said, “Keep your chin up and have a great day at school. 
I know Todd will make lots of new friends at school.
Eric got out of the care and walked to where the kids were lining up. 
Kate saw her class and got in line. 
The boy standing in front of Jack turned around, held out his hand to shake, and said, “Hi, I’m Ted and I’m new here. What’s your name?”
Tim shook Ted’s hand, smiling widely.
Jim said, “Wow! I’m new here, too!”
Sara said, “Fantastic! Let’s sit together at lunch.”
Jason likes to read books. 
Some days, Terry started reading a book in the morning and kept reading it all day long. 
John liked books that took play in strange places or ancient times. 
Bill liked to read about people going on heroic quests and wild adventures. 
When Sally reads books, she sees all that happens in the story. 
Tina felt what the people in the book felt. 
Jack tasted what people in the book tasted. 
Kip smelled what people in the book smelled. 
Reading the book was like living a whole different life. 
One summer day, Sally started reading right after breakfast. 
At noon, Kate was reading. 
The book is about people in ancient times. 
There were big battles in the book. 
In the book, there was a boy, only a little older than Tim, who was going on strange adventures.
As Jason read the book, he stayed still so that he could keep his mind on the story. 
Lola felt like she was in the middle of a big battle. 
Larry was riding a horse.
Terry was shooting arrows. 
After the battle was over, Kate rode her horse down to a river to drink water. 
The horse drank water.
Sally and the horse were both covered in dust, and they were both thirsty. 
Gil’s mother knocked on his door.
Tim sat up.
Sarah did not know where she was, or who she was. 
Mom said, “Kara, go outside please.”
“It’s time for Sally to get some fresh air.” 
Pete got up from his bed. 
Terry was carrying his book with his forefinger in it, to mark the page he had been reading. 
Kim walked down the stairs reading the book. 
Bob went out into the yard and sat underneath an oak tree. 
It was quiet and peaceful outside. 
Jill kept reading while sitting outside. 
John had many adventures that afternoon.  
At the end of Sarah’s adventures, she was standing in a big church. 
Rick wore a shining suit and polished boots. 
Piano music boomed. 
A woman in a long white dress and lace veil came walking slowly up the aisle. 
A woman stood facing Jim as the priest began to speak. 
Jason’s mother shouted out, “ Jason! Time for dinner!”
Kate sat up, startled, and looked around. 
The sunlight was almost gone, and Sally was sitting in deep shade. 
The air was blue. 
Crickets were singing. 
The whole day had gone by while Jim was reading his book. 