My name is Sara, and I live on Riggerts Farm Road in Stovepipe, Vermont. 
Sally’s favorite after-school activity is taking care of her chickens, Molly, Dolly, and Wally. 
Sally’s second favorite activity is bush hogging the field. 
A bush hog is like a tractor crossed with a lawn mower.
Some tractors have windows and a seat. 
You have to climb up to sit on a tractor. 
A tractor makes a lot of noise, and it shakes, rattles, and belches smoke. 
A tractor is fun to ride in, and even more fun to drive. 
People with land use a bush hog to clear the vegetation from their fields. 
If you don’t bush hog every week, the weeds and saplings will grow fast and tall. 
Before you know it, you’ll have an entire forest growing in your back yard. 
After you finish bush hogging, the field will look clean. 
You can now plow the field and plant good things to grow and eat. 
You have the tingling, satisfied feeling of a job well done. 
Sometimes bush hogging makes you very hungry. 
Jill wants to go inside and make herself a sandwich and drink some cold water. 
The rules of Jane’s house are that when you turn ten, you can start bush hogging with Mom or Dad. 
You have to sit on Mom or Dad’s lap, and you have to buckle in with a harness. 
You can put your hands on the steering wheel, but you can’t touch anything else. 
The key to the bush hog is hidden in a secret place in the house. 
You can see some interesting parts of nature while you are bush hogging. 
One day last week, Mack and I were bush hogging with Dad when a fast, brown animal ran in front of us, across our field and into the woods. 
The animal was so quick, Mary barely had time to see it. 
Sara and Tom decided to stop and get out of the bush hog to follow the animal.
Dad showed Tim how to track an animals’ prints.  
The animal ran down the muddy hiking trail all the way to the dock by the lake. 
The animals’ tracks went to the edge and disappeared. 
A ripple on the water showed where the animal had made a splash. 
“Congratulations,” said Dad, pointing to something swimming in the distance.” 
“You just tracked your first baby moose!”
The last time I visited my cousins out West, we went on a trail ride.
A trail ride is when you ride horses on a trail. 
I’ve been on pony rides before, so I wasn’t worried about riding a horse. 
Bob and Jim got up at dawn and had a big breakfast before going out to ride. 
When Sara and Jane got to the barn, the horses were already saddled and waiting.  
The horses stamped their hooves and neighed at Billy and Tim as they walked over to them. 
I could feel my heart beating. 
It was exciting to be setting out on such a big adventure. 
I didn’t feel afraid, but my mouth got a little dry from the excitement. 
The horses John and Jack were going to ride had been chosen for them.
One of Kim’s cousins got a pretty gray horse named Dove, and the other cousin got a shiny dark brown horse called Sadie. 
Kate’s horse was called Freckles because she had rusty brown spots all over her white coat. 
The trail guide called Freckles a veteran, which I figured meant she was old. 
I didn’t know why they’d chosen this horse for me to ride, but I didn’t mind. 
Sara and her friends were all in a good mood starting out on the trail. 
The sunlight was hot, but the air was cool and tasted sweet. 
Riding Freckles felt like being a boat and a slow-motion movie at the same time. 
All the horses walked in a line along the trail. 
Freckles and I were at the end of the line.
Slowly, Fred and I got further and further behind the others. 
The guide turned around and called to Fred. 
I tried to encourage Fran by flapping my legs against her sides, but she would not be rushed. 
Fran took her time putting one hoof in front of the other until we reached a turn in the trail.
Fran suddenly lifted her head and started to trot. 
The guide shouted at Fran, but Fran didn’t stop. 
Freckles ran past all the other horses. 
I was bouncing up and down in the saddle. 
I was afraid I would fall off!
All Kim could think of to do was to let go of the reins and hold tightly onto the saddle with both hands!
My cousins couldn’t help laughing at how funny I looked. 
Fred ran all the way back to the barn and stopped next to her stall. 
I guess Fran wasn’t so worn-out after all!
Jack’s family lives in a two-story house on a dead-end on the edge of a little forest. 
The trees are all evergreen trees. 
The trees grow so close together that you’ve got to turn sideways to get through. 
It is always cool and dark in the forest. 
One day, I left my bike lying on its side and walked into the evergreens. 
John’s feet made no sound on the thick carpet of brown pine needles. 
The forest was so still, I could hear my own breath and even my heart beating. 
Finally, Kate came out of the cool and dark forest into the hot sun. 
I saw that I was standing on the edge of a big hollow.
As far as Jim could see, there was nothing but sand in the desert.  
Jane took off her sweatshirt and tied it around her head, like a turban, to keep off the blazing sun. 
Sally walked out into the sand. 
As Sara walked, she looked around for camels and palm trees, but she only saw tire tracks. 
The tire tracks were big. 
The tracks looked like they’d been made by trucks. 
There were some tracks that were so deep they looked like they’d been made by a bulldozer. 
What were trucks and a bulldozer doing in a desert? 
Ted walked for what seemed like a long time, but there seemed to be no end to the desert. 
Tim was very hot and thirsty. 
Terry decided to turn around and go back to the cool evergreen forest. 
When John reached the shade of the pine trees, he was a little dizzy. 
John sat down for a few minutes in the coolness of the shade. 
Jack walked all the way through the forest, got on his bike, and rode slowly home. 
That night at supper, Kate asked her dad about the desert. 
Jim told Jack about the tire and bulldozer tracks he’d seen out in the middle of the trail. 
John said that the place was called a “Sand-Pit.” 
Trucks used to go to the Sand-Pit to dig out and haul away tons of sand. 
Builders used the sand to make cement to build houses on. 
Jack also said that his house foundation had probably used cement made with sand from the Sand-Pit. 
Kelly’s dad always had interesting things to say about just about everything. 
Sara simply felt disappointed that not only wash her secret desert not a secret, it wasn’t even a real desert. 
